Add Xamarin.Forms Notes for professionals (#7372)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: books/free-programming-books-langs.md

* [Porting Existing ASP.NET Apps to .NET 6](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/porting-existing-aspnet-apps/) - Steve "ardalis" Smith
* [Threading in C#](http://www.albahari.com/threading/)
* [Xamarin.Forms for macOS Succinctly](https://www.syncfusion.com/ebooks/xamarin_forms_for_mac_os_succinctly) - Alessandro Del Sole

> * [Xamarin.Forms Notes for professionals](https://books.goalkicker.com/XamarinFormsBook/) - Compiled from Stack Overflow documentaion

Reviewer: Completing resource info in the right way

```suggestion
* [Xamarin.Forms Notes for professionals](https://books.goalkicker.com/XamarinFormsBook/) - Compiled from StackOverflow documentation (PDF)
```
